Add Issue Templates (#2)
SciML/.github: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/break_report.md

---

> name: Break report
> about: Create a report to tell us new changes broke something
> title: ''
> labels: 'break'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Feature regression
about: Create a report to tell us about a feature regression, i.e. new changes broke something or resulted in decreased performance
title: '[REGRESSION]: '
labels: 'regression'
```
